Fix: Improve documentation for Built-in Blog doc (#2708)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-scaladoc/blog.md

All the blogpost filenames should start with date in numeric format matching `YYYY-MM-DD`.
Example name is `2015-10-23-dotty-compiler-bootstraps.md`.

## Page metadata

The blog pages in scaladoc support [Yaml Frontmatter](https://assemble.io/docs/YAML-front-matter.html) which allows you to specify different values which will be used for metadata in your page. Here are the possible fields:

```
---
layout: <A reference to the layout page for the blog page>
author: <Name of the author of the page>
title: <Title of the page>
subTitle: <Subtitle of the page>
date: <Date of the creation of the page>, e.g. 2016-12-05
authorImg: <Link to the author's image>
---
<Content of your page>
```

> You can also find more details about the front matter on the [Jekyll documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also find more details about the front matter on the [Jekyll documentation site](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/).
```

> ## Special characters for the content

Reviewer 2: I am not sure “Special characters” is a good title for this section. What about “Syntax of the content”?

> Keep in mind that the writing of your blog is done with Markdown. So you can fin more information about the syntax in [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the writing of your blog is done with Markdown. You can find more information about the syntax in [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/).
```

All the blogpost filenames should start with date in numeric format matching `YYYY-MM-DD`.
Example name is `2015-10-23-dotty-compiler-bootstraps.md`.

> ## Structure

Reviewer: I think maybe we should name this section something different since this part isn't so much about structure, but rather about the metadata that can be associated with a page. Also not everyone may be familiar with frontmatter so it might be good to mention that. Just an example, this could be something like:

```
## Page metadata

The blog pages in scaladoc support Yaml Frontmatter(link to this) which allows you to specify different values which will be used for metadata in your page. Here are the possible fields:
```
If list exhaustive or no? Even if it's not, what you have is better than what currently exists... nothing.

> ## Structure

Reviewer: I think maybe we should name this section something different since this part isn't so much about structure, but rather about the metadata that can be associated with a page. Also not everyone may be familiar with frontmatter so it might be good to mention that. Just an example, this could be something like:

```
## Page metadata

The blog pages in scaladoc support Yaml Frontmatter(link to this) which allows you to specify different values which will be used for metadata in your page. Here are the possible fields:
```
If list exhaustive or no? Even if it's not, what you have is better than what currently exists... nothing.

When creating a blog page, you will have a first part to fill in with different fields. See the following example:

```
---
layout: <A reference to the layout page for the blog page>
author: <Name of the author of the page>
title: <Title of the page>

> subTitle: <Subtitle of the page>

Reviewer: Any idea what this will be used for?

Author: It just puts a subtitle like this, do you think it's a good idea if I put an example picture underneath like this one?
<img width="772" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-02 at 13 41 57" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44496264/222432071-dd2b37b4-ed67-48ae-988e-41709f559e7f.png">

Reviewer: ah no this one is fine.

> excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

Reviewer: This doesn't really explain what this is used for.

Author: I just saw that it is no longer used in the latest version. Maybe an issue or deliberately done.

date: <Date of the creation of the page>
authorImg: <Link to the author's image>
---
<Content>
```

## Special characters for the content

> ` ```<content>``` ` : For code

Reviewer: I'm specify that typically these are _code blocks_ which are meant to be multi-line and can include a language type.

`## Subtitle` : For subtitles

> `word` : To highlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`word` : For inline code.
```

All the blogpost filenames should start with date in numeric format matching `YYYY-MM-DD`.
Example name is `2015-10-23-dotty-compiler-bootstraps.md`.

## Page metadata

The blog pages in scaladoc support [Yaml Frontmatter](https://assemble.io/docs/YAML-front-matter.html) which allows you to specify different values which will be used for metadata in your page. Here are the possible fields:

```
---
layout: <A reference to the layout page for the blog page>
author: <Name of the author of the page>
title: <Title of the page>
subTitle: <Subtitle of the page>
date: <Date of the creation of the page>, e.g. 2016-12-05
authorImg: <Link to the author's image>
---
<Content of your page>
```

## Special characters for the content

> 

Reviewer: Maybe just an note here that the content is regular markdown. And then go on to say that here are a few useful example.

` ```<content>``` ` : Multiline code block
You can also specify a language type, ` ```scala <content>``` `

`# Title` : For titles

`## Subtitle` : For subtitles

`word` : For inline code.

> `[word](Link to a website)`: If you want to put a link in a word

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[name](Link to a website)`: If you want to put a link the word.
```

All the blogpost filenames should start with date in numeric format matching `YYYY-MM-DD`.
Example name is `2015-10-23-dotty-compiler-bootstraps.md`.

## Page metadata

> The blog pages in scaladoc support [Yaml Frontmatter](https://assemble.io/docs/YAML-front-matter.html) which allows you to specify different values which will be used for metadata in your page. Here are the possible fields:

Reviewer 3: this support is coming from Jekyll, I think? perhaps there's relevant Jekyll doc we could link to?

```
---
layout: <A reference to the layout page for the blog page>
author: <Name of the author of the page>
title: <Title of the page>
subTitle: <Subtitle of the page>
date: <Date of the creation of the page>, e.g. 2016-12-05
authorImg: <Link to the author's image>
---
<Content of your page>
```

## Special characters for the content

> Keep in mind that the writing of your blog is done with classic markdown. So here are some useful examples:

Reviewer 3: not sure what "classic markdown" means here? what nuance is conveyed that just saying "Markdown" wouldn't convey?

Reviewer 3: also, I'm not sure the examples are necessary; I think it might be better to just link to some standard intro-to-basic-Markdown, rather than have our own little example gallery.

Reviewer 3: I don't think it's necessary to include any examples.

> Keep in mind that the writing of your blog `<content>` is done with regular markdowns but here are some useful examples:

Reviewer: So what I actually meant here was that the entire post of your blog is written in markdown, not the content that you are referring to in the code block.

Also `markdowns` -> `markdown`

> ` ```<content>``` ` : Multiline code block.

Reviewer 2: Could you please show how this renders in a screenshot? Also, I think it would be better to lay the content on several lines, just like an actual multi-line code block.

Author: Hi, thanks for your feedback, so I sent a screen on the desc but the example is no longer there following feedback from SethTissue.

> You can also specify a language type, ` ```scala <content>``` `.

Reviewer 3: unclear — I don't know what a "language type" is, and I'm unable to guess what I might substitute for `<content>`

`# Title` : For titles.

`## Subtitle` : For subtitles.

> `word` : For inline code.

Reviewer 2: This is not going to render as \`word\` but `word`.
